{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 A Cat, a Parrot, and a Bag of Seed\
\
1) A man needs to get across the riverbank with A Cat, a Parrot, and a Bag of Seed. Unfortunately the     boat only has room for the man and one other item. Figure out how the man can get all the items across the river without leaving the wrong ones alone to eat each other. \
2) You can not leave the Parrot with the Cat. You can not leave the Parrot with the Bag of Seed. \
Don\'92t leave the Parrot alone with the Cat. Don\'92t leave the Parrot alone with the seeds. \
3) \
Take the Parrot first. Then take the bag of seeds and bring the parrot back. Next take the cat, and finally go back and get the Parrot.\
4) The solution meets the goal and will work for all cases. \
5) Take the Parrot first. Then take the bag of seeds and bring the parrot back. Next take the cat, and finally go back and get the Parrot.\
I originally tried taking the parrot across first because the Cat will not eat the Seeds but whenever you came back to get another item and take it over the Parrot would have eaten the seeds or the Cat would of ate the Parrot.\
\
\
Socks in the Dark: \
1)\
\
ring finger for 100 and index for 1000 because it hits the ring and index finger twice. \
}