{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 A Cat, a Parrot, and a Bag of Seed\
\
1) A man needs to get across the riverbank with A Cat, a Parrot, and a Bag of Seed. Unfortunately the     boat only has room for the man and one other item. Figure out how the man can get all the items across the river without leaving the wrong ones alone to eat each other. \
2) You can not leave the Parrot with the Cat. You can not leave the Parrot with the Bag of Seed. \
Don\'92t leave the Parrot alone with the Cat. Don\'92t leave the Parrot alone with the seeds. \
3) \
Take the Parrot first. Then take the bag of seeds and bring the parrot back. Next take the cat, and finally go back and get the Parrot.\
4) The solution meets the goal and will work for all cases. \
5) Take the Parrot first. Then take the bag of seeds and bring the parrot back. Next take the cat, and finally go back and get the Parrot.\
I originally tried taking the parrot across first because the Cat will not eat the Seeds but whenever you came back to get another item and take it over the Parrot would have eaten the seeds or the Cat would of ate the Parrot.\
\
Answer: Take the Parrot first. Then take the bag of seeds and bring the parrot back. Next take the cat, and finally go back and get the Parrot.\
\
\
Socks in the Dark \
\
1) 20 socks in a drawer: 5 black pair, 3 brown pair, and 2 white pair. Figure out how many socks will make a least one matching pair and also one matching pair of each color. \
2) Continuously picking up the same color\
3)Pull until you get a pair.\
4) Yes the solution meets the goal and works\
5)There are only 3 colors total so if you pull 4 socks you have to get at least one complete pair.\
    In order to get one matching pair of each color you have to pull 16 socks to guarantee you will have one pair in all 3 colors.\
\
Answer: A) 4\
	   B) 16\
\
\
Predicting Fingers:\
1) Figure out which finger the little girl will land on from the manner in which she was counting from 1 to 10, 1 to 100, and 1 to 1000.\
2) Figure out the correct pattern she is using to count. Figure if she is leaving out a finger or including them all. Count from 1 to 1000. \
3. Count from 1 to 1000. Figure out that she is counting her ring and index finger twice each  time.\
4. The solutions meet the goals and work in all cases. \
5. Once you realize that the little girl counts the ring finger and index finger twice as much as the other two you can figure out that from 1 to 10 it was her 1st finger. 1 to 100 landed on the ring finger. 1 to 1000 landed on the index finger.\
\
Answer: 1 - 10 1st finger\
              1 - 100 ring finger \
              1 - 1000 Index finger\
}